Change UI path to secrets and remove references to project scope (#3683)
rancher/docs: content/rancher/v2.6/en/k8s-in-rancher/secrets/_index.md

1. In the upper left corner, click **☰ > Cluster Management**.
1. Go to the cluster where you want to add a secret and click **Explore**.

> 1. Click **Storage > Secrets**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To navigate to secrets, you may click either **Storage > Secrets** or **More Resources > Core > Secrets**. 
```

Reviewer: I just updated this as either path works!

1. Click **Save**.

> **Result:** Your secret is added to the namespace you chose. You can view the secret in the Rancher UI from the **Storage > Secrets** view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Result:** Your secret is added to the namespace you chose. You can view the secret in the Rancher UI by clicking either **Storage > Secrets** or **More Resources > Core > Secrets**. 
```
